Updating README.md. (#76)
openshift/driver-toolkit: README.md

      WORKDIR /build/

>       RUN yum -y install git make sudo gcc \

Reviewer: maybe we should clarify that customer may install some proprietary package which might be need for a specific compilation, but in that case he needs  to provide the yum repo

Author: Updated.

Also changed the way to retrieve the DTK image from the OCP release.

      WORKDIR /build/

>       # In case additional pakcages are required, you will need to manually add the yum repos to the container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # In case additional packages are required, you need to manually add the yum repos to the container
```
